## Results References

Results references find data and metadata generated by named-paths groups runs. They are a simple query language specific to CsvPath Framework that identifies directories and files in the archive. The archive is configured in config.ini in the `[results]` section `archive` key. See the config button at the bottom left for more.

A results reference has the form:

<i>$ <b>named-paths-name</b> .results. <b>selector</b> : <b>0-2 limiters</b> . <b>optional date or csvpath ID selector</b> . <b>0-2 limiters</b></i>

With these meanings:
* <b>named-paths-name</b>: the name of a named-paths group. Results are always named for the group that generated them.
* <b>results</b>: the `results` datatype. This dialog also supports the `files` datatype.
* <b>selector</b>: a date, path, or csvpath identity
* <b>limiters</b>: one or two limiters that narrow what the selector finds

### Selectors

A selector matches by date, path or csvpath ID. Dates and paths are prefix matched. Csvpath IDs are exact match.

A date selector must be in the form: YYYY-MM-DD_HH-MM-SS. When a date is used without a limiter it selects all matches in its smallest unit. The smallest unit is the right-most component of the selector. For example to match on all results that were run between 10 AM and 11 AM you would use: `2025-06-14_10`. A date selector must start with at lease four digits and a dash; for example: `2025-`.

Path selectors are relative to the archive root, starting below the named-paths name. A named-paths group `orders` in an archive defined as `/processed` would generate its files at `/processed/orders`. A reference to a run result for Acme Inc. in May might look like: `$orders.results.may/acme:first`. To reference a csvpath named `EMEA` in that `orders` named-paths group you would use: `$orders.results.may/acme:first.EMEA`

### Limiters

Limiters are ranges, ordinals or dates. Each selector can have zero, one, or two limiters. A limiter is a colon followed by a value or keyword.

The four types of limiters are:

**Ranges**
<ul>
    <li>all</li>
    <li>before</li>
    <li>to</li>
    <li>after</li>
    <li>from</li>
    <li>yesterday</li>
    <li>today</li>
</ul>

**Ordinals**
<ul>
    <li>first</li>
    <li>last</li>
    <li>index</li>
</ul>

**Dates**
<ul>
    <li>Same form as a selector date, also prefix matched</li>
</ul>

**Data files**
<ul>
    <li>data</li>
    <li>unmatched</li>
</ul>

Limiters look like: *$mygroup.results.the/path:yesterday:first*

This reference selects the first results from yesterday generated by running the `mygroup` named-paths group that had a path beginning with `the/path`.

### More Examples

All results for `orders` between the first moment of 2023 and the last moment of May 2024:

*$orders.results.2023-:after.2024-06-01:before*

The `validation` csvpath results within the last `orders` run for Acme Inc. that was stored under the companies directory:

*$orders.files.companies/acme/:last.validation*

The first `orders` results from Acme Inc's US regions in 2025:

*$orders.results.companies/acme/US:from.2025-:from:first*


